[Docs] Add missing telemetry setting (#206403)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/telemetry-settings.asciidoc

  If the server fails to connect to our endpoint at https://telemetry.elastic.co/, it assumes
  it is behind a firewall and falls back to `'browser'` to send it from users' browsers
  when they are navigating through {kib}. *Default: `'server'`.*

`xpack.apm.telemetryCollectionEnabled`::

>   Collects information about APM data and API performance. Set it to `fasle` to specifically disable APM's collector. *Default: `'true'`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Collects information about APM data and API performance. Set this to `false` to specifically disable APM's collector. *Default: `'true'`.*
```

🚗
